1. Are there any other papers plotting conflicting SDGs for urban development in South Africa, using gravity based downscaling to predict morphological development?
	1. Are they looking at water scarcity specifically? Using climate models?
2. Is the code for the CCIS report open sourced?
	1. If not, is it worth recreating this code, or waiting for an email response from one of the authors?
3. What are the differences between gravity based downscaling and Markov-CA?
	1. Is it beneficial to implement a stochastic or deterministic approach?
	2. Is it beneficial to model the potential chaotic nature (changes in morphological trajectories)?
4. How are water and urban morphology linked to one another?
	1. How would optimising for access to water likely influence other SDGs [[UN SDGs Comparison]]?
	2. Which climate models can we use to predict water availability going forward?
	3. Are there any projects in progress right now that will increase water availability?
	4. Where should desalination plants and aquifers be situated? Will the placement of these guide urban growth?
5. How does the population distribution influence urban development?
	1. What are the different SSP scenarios?
	2. How is the population at each time step to be distributed by municipality in order to guide urban development?
6. Who can help in this project? What research exists in modelling potential urban development outcomes?
	1. African centre for cities?
	2. C40
	3. Michael Batty
	4. Imperial urban developers (i.e. Bob)
	5. UCL/other universities urban developers
7. What are the success metrics for this project?
	1. Accuracy?
	2. Precision?
	3. Time scale?
	4. Land range?
	5. Model speed? (Who should be able ot run)
	6. Usability? (How well could urban planners use this to guide development)
	7. Optimisation? (How much to improve allocation of resources by)